Minio replacement docs (#186)
federated-research/docs: website/pages/tre_agent/deploy.mdx

The ports specified above can be used for configuring a reverse proxy for access to the necessary components.

<Callout>

>   If you are doing reverse proxy for S3 (MinIO or RustFS), the `Websockets Support` should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you are setting up a reverse proxy for S3 (MinIO or RustFS), the `Websockets Support` should be
```

- `ServiceStack/compose-manifests/shared/credentials.yml` which defines the services for ephemeral credentials, i.e., Camunda, Connectors, Vault, OpenLDAP, LDAP Init, phpLDAPadmin, Elastic Search.
- `ServiceStack/compose-manifests/shared/auth.yml` which defines the authentication services, i.e., Keycloak. This is optional and only needed if you want to use Keycloak for authentication internally within the TRE Layer.
  <Callout>
    If you don't want to use a built-in Keycloak service, remove the line
    `../../ServiceStack/compose-manifests/shared/auth.yml` in the
    `docker-compose.yml` file and remove the `keycloak` dependency in the `s3-tre.yml` file.
  </Callout>
- `ServiceStack/compose-manifests/storage/s3-tre.yml` which defines the TRE Layer's S3 server.
  <Callout type="info">
    If the option `Login with KeyCloak` couldn't be shown in the login protal of
    RustFS, check health of the KeyCloak server and try restarting the RustFS container by the command `docker compose

>     restart rustfs_TRE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the `Login with KeyCloak` option is not available in the RustFS login portal,
   check the health of the KeyCloak server and restart the RustFS container using the following command: `docker compose
    restart rustfs_TRE`.
```
